V1 is no longer supported (#1809)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/migration-guides/qiskit-algorithms-module.mdx

<Admonition type="note">
  If you want to run QAOA on a non-diagonal operator, use the [`qiskit.circuit.library.QAOAAnsatz`](/api/qiskit/qiskit.circuit.library.QAOAAnsatz) with
  [`qiskit.algorithms.minimum_eigensolvers.VQE`](/api/qiskit/0.46/qiskit.algorithms.minimum_eigensolvers.VQE), but there will be no state result.

>   If your application requires the final probability distribution, instantiate a Sampler

Author: ```suggestion
  If your application requires the final probability distribution, instantiate `SamplerV2`
```
